each boys going on this is don't be blue
and it is 3am right now I have literally
just been up playing small for three Go
Go school at 7am so i am going to be
fucked but basically this is possibly
the world's first nuke gameplay now
there is a new key moral victory I had
heard rumors that there were basically
you have to get a 25 killstreak with
your gun only and this is a TDM on fuck
knows what the map is to be honest with
you and I'm using the scar l I'm using
the scar l because i'm trying to get
gold camo on it and there's so much to
talk about the game is amazing the maps
are so small with so much action and
basically i was trying to get my caddy
out my KD is sitting about 3.6 right now
which is not too bad my win-loss which
I'm trying to keep it a 5 is seeing
about 3 because people keep dashboarding
and people that and I tested it i did a
dashboard and I didn't give reset to
level one so I think we're having to
what he was actually glitch I'm not
really sure what happened but basically
I've got a holographic and the silencer
on this on this scar on i'm using them
the sleight-of-hand the quick-draw and
I'm sitrep and this and basically I got
one pro tip you are going to be tempted
to use the assault killstreaks don't do
not use the assault cook street use the
support killstreaks when I started I had
a 3.1 Katie and this is that up and
playing for three hours like I'm some
veteran but when I for the first hours
using a soul kill streaks like UAV
predator attack helicopter I was getting
nowhere now busy support killstreaks i'm
using the UAV the count UAV and the
sound heart now basically as I don't
have assassin yet and I don't really
intend on using assassin I can take
their radar away with the count UAV the
Sam turret and this means but I don't
have to use assessor and they've reset
so all you have to do is get eight kills
for a santero and you can die it will
still carry on and then you can carry on
and get your next Sam torrent your next
UAV can't UV s constant UAV whereas if
you're using the assault killstreaks it
doesn't help the team at all I was using
you a TMP earlier which is an 18-point
week and it's a really good weapon but
there is one bad
about it when the killstreaks reset they
reset in a way that you have to get the
final one before you can build again so
you have the 18 kills before you can get
to your next um UAV so therefore if i
use a three four five or three for eight
in which i'm using here i have to get
less kills to get my UAVs whereas i kid
i could get 30 up kills in a TDM and not
only have two UAVs if i get no he kills
here I'm sitting on three or four UAVs
my team and this is something called the
ballistic vest which is the fit a five
point streak our set I think it's a six
point streak I'm on the split support i
think i can use account of spy plane
with it i'm not sure maybe they're in
the actual same slot but basically keep
your subdue support killstreak eep them
low keep that UAB is coming in because
at this point if you get in the game
tomorrow to get in the game if you put
the game today tuesday no one's got
sassing it you one lock assassin at
level 27 and i've been playing for quite
a while now and i'm seeing that level 24
think and so basically if you want a pro
tip as I've trying give some tips like
the scar l is insane when you start off
I think you should use the avoid the UMP
the UMP is tempting to use but it it's a
bit out control on the g36c has a better
class that's the class that you need to
use when you pick up the game I use that
g36c make sure as soon as you create
class use the m4a1 because the g36c
unlike in Monell Freddy would like the
famous and stuff you actually don't
start with their weapons they're almost
like a pretty you know I'm offering what
could be aught could be carried on layer
and so basically choose one weapon that
you like and drank it up now I've chose
the scar l and I'm trying to get gold on
it because I think gold will look sexy
and I think it's little 16 at the moment
and you need to get the ranked 31 with
your weapon to UM have gold camera so
I'm unlocking loads of different
attachments and they actually have a
heartbeat sensor which I put on and they
seem to have like half the range from
one fed to but i'm not sure if there's a
counter to the hobby center it may be
assassin actually and so that's a really
viable viable option to be honest with
you and this was actually recorded out
of theater mode I'd like some feedback
in the description in the comments below
whether whether you would at you're
actually happy to watch thiet my
gameplay would rot you drive me recorded
live I by watching this you can
definitely see that they've made some
improvements to the hit section because
I was not host in this game but it's
almost one-to-one and you can see that
um it's not recorded live but in terms
of the graphics of the game I think they
did a great job if you want to know how
the game feels I I think it's a mixture
between morpho two and battlefield bad
company 2 and Manon fair to is actually
how the guns play they hell they shoot
how how long it takes to kill but the
battlefield bad company 2 in terms of
how you run you run weird and the
animations and and the hit markers are
sometimes a bit strange I found the game
a little bit inconsistent babies because
I'm not used to it but I have found that
I've been shooting at people I'm getting
quite a few hit markers and they're
turning when and killing me but that's
expected with a with a new game you know
I'm not going to be the best at it but
if you keep looking i haven't died yet
my killstreaks just keep saying and the
basically no one's got a senior I think
I've played for a while as I said and
Upton one person would assassin so it's
really good news so God keep on pumping
in them UAVs can do is you take the UAV
away the advanced UAV I know a lot of
guys were excited about that hoping it
was accountant to assassin I don't think
it does count or assessing it its a mix
between a black bird in a UAV basically
its way faced it's not permanent it's
not constant and it just it's a UAV that
shows which direction they are facing
its really it's pathetic compared to the
Blackbird it's actually a 12 point
streak on the support so it really
limits you so I definitely stick to the
UAV the count UAV and the sam car
because whereas that you can get 12
kills and have an advanced UAV or you
can get 12 kills with Joe Sam Taran and
you can have another UAV so AB plus
you're Sam tart so it's almost like you
got to think of it like that whereas I
actually weren't going for the nucleus
game anyway and it kind of happened up
surprising and their start just really
been going for the whim in terms of my
stats I did find it hard to begin with
as I've said and I've had one loss
through dashboarding and up and / mainly
team deathmatch and the other losses
were me going strong Hades you know
three two and a half K
and the teammates just not lying it so
what can I do and there is the m.o a be
the 25 killstreak with your gun the new
I believe this is won the first game
plays on youtube with the nuke it's not
i do apologize but if you did enjoy this
video and you want to see more mon off n
3 content make sure you subscribe to
this channel and I'll see that guys
please